Decision Protocol


SPRINT 4

Meeting 1 (6.10.2021)

time: 10:30

scrum master: Rúnar

secretary: Ingunn

Attending: Arnar, Daníel, Hörður, Ingunn, Rúnar, Tryggvi

New secretary and scrum master assigned for sprint 4. Went over the sprint 4 assignment overview. Completed the DOD and filled the sprint backlog with assignments.
_____________________

Meeting 2 (7.10.2021)

Time 14:20

Attending: All members attending

Went over the distribution of tasks. Discussed how we would change all the wrapper functions that use the Staff class to make them use the Doctor or Nurse class. We will first change the staff class to call the doctor or nurse class, instead of deleting the staff class, in order to prevent errors. Later we will remove the staff class all together.
Next meeting planned for thursday at 10:00.

_____________________

Meeting 3 (12.10.2021)

Time 10:00

Attending: All members attending

Went over what each member has done of their tasks. We have been comunicating with the group that we are supposed to review, but have not received any emails from the group that is supposed to review us. 

_____________________

Meeting 4 (13.10.2021)

Time 10:20

Attending: All members attending

Discussed how we are going to divide the review parts between us. Decided that we will have a doc file where we can see what and how other members in our team have reviewed what code, in order to prevent going over the same code, and keeping the style and methods the same between members.
Next meeting 14.10.2021 at 14:20.


_____________________

Meeting 5 (14.10.2021)

Time 14:20

Attending: Arnar, Daníel, Hörður, Ingunn, Rúnar, Tryggvi

Discussed how the other teams code was put up, so we all understood how it works. Discussed where we were located in out own tasks. No major decisions made. Next and hopefully final sprint meeting set up for Sunday at 16:00.

_____________________

Meeting 6 (17.10.2021)

Time 16:00

Attending: Arnar, Hörður, Ingunn, Lovísa, Rúnar, Tryggvi

Went over each person's progress and worked together to get on the same page. Many members started their code review.

_____________________

Meeting 7 (19.10.2021)

Time 9:00

Attending: Arnar, Daníel, Hörður, Ingunn, Rúnar, Tryggvi

Finished our code, merged everything to the back1 repository, and once it was working, merged that to master.


